# CSCI-SE-Project
### A Software engineering class project
The Kitty Degree School of Nursing wishes to have a room scheduling program to help manage the room utilization for their school. A calendar based display mechanism should be utilized to display independent student, faculty and administrative schedules. The calendar should also incorporate the academic calendar to facilitate the generation of room request by faculty that teach courses. The completed calendar should also be able to be viewed based on the student, the faculty member, the room, the class, events, and combinations of characteristics. The course work of the students in Nursing is different than what might be considered traditional classroom pedagogy. A single course may need to utilize several different classrooms though out the academic semester due to different needs at the time, so this will have to be a dynamic room scheduling program that will move classes from room to room daily not for a semester. Each classroom has different capabilities and capacities that must be considered when placing a class into a room. Also, due to the fact the student will be going directly from one classroom to another classroom locations must be considered. The students are loosely broken into 5 professional semesters, but each class will have an independent number of students. Testing is done external to the class time and must also be scheduled in the LRC. All course will utilize the LRC for testing. The scheduling of the LRC must also be scheduled based on monitoring criteria. In other words, when the LRC is open will be controlled outside of the class time. The system should also provide the faculty an easy way to enter their classroom needs and request. The system should accommodate faculty requested classroom when possible. Administrative control must be in place to move class from room to room and restructure other course a round changes. Finally, the system should allow for complete re-ordering in the case of major changes like the loose of a class day due to weather. Other, requirements include a mobile portal for distribution of calendar.
